README.md, before:

![Image of C.H.I.P. Pro v1.0](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NextThingCo/CHIP_Pro-Hardware/master/v1.0/CHIP_Pro_v1_0_Photo.jpg)

# C.H.I.P. Pro Hardware Versions

v1.0 = C.H.I.P. Pro<br>
v0.9 = Early Pre-Cert Developer Kits

# Source Files
C.H.I.P. Pro is designed using OrCAD! 
<br>A free "lite" viewer is available at www.orcad.com

# Documentation
#### C.H.I.P. Pro Datasheet:
https://github.com/NextThingCo/CHIP_Pro-Hardware/blob/master/Datasheets/CHIP_PRO_Datasheet_v1.0.pdf

#### C.H.I.P. Pro Docs:
https://docs.getchip.com/chip_pro.html

#### C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit Docs:
https://docs.getchip.com/chip_pro_devkit.html

# Compliance
C.H.I.P. Pro is tested for compliance with, and registered as indicated below with the following regulatory bodies:
REACH,
ROHS,
CE,
FCC (ID: 2AF9F-1337R, 47 CFR 15 Modular Transmitter when used with pre-certified antennas as listed in Datasheet),
IC (ID: 20863-1337R, HVIN CHIP-PRO)


# License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/us/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License</a>.

# Contact NTC
**Purchasing:** sales@nextthing.co 
**Technical:** pro@nextthing.co <br>
Join the conversation at https://bbs.nextthing.co/c/CHIP-Pro

Commit message:

Converted the OrCAD files for v1.0 C.H.I.P Pro in to Altium format. Modified READEM.md accordingly.

README.md, after:

![Image of C.H.I.P. Pro v1.0](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/2ftg/CHIP_Pro-Hardware/master/v1.0/CHIP_Pro_v1_0_Photo.jpg)

# Motivation

I wanted to muck around with the C.H.I.P Pro design.<br>
Also maybe use it as a starting point for the EOMA68-GR8 compute card. 

# C.H.I.P. Pro Hardware Versions

v1.0ftg C.H.I.P Pro, but in Altium<br>
v1.0 = C.H.I.P. Pro<br>
v0.9 = Early Pre-Cert Developer Kits

# Source Files
C.H.I.P. Pro is designed using OrCAD! 
And thus got converted to Altium by 2ftg. 
<br>A free "lite" viewer is available at www.orcad.com
<br>A free viewer for Altium files is available at www.altium.com/altium-designer-viewerw

# Documentation
#### C.H.I.P. Pro Datasheet:
https://github.com/2ftg/CHIP_Pro-Hardware/blob/master/Datasheets/CHIP_PRO_Datasheet_v1.0.pdf

#### C.H.I.P. Pro Docs:
https://docs.getchip.com/chip_pro.html

#### C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit Docs:
https://docs.getchip.com/chip_pro_devkit.html

#### EOMA68-GR8 project page:
https://sites.google.com/site/oh2ftg/eoma68/eoma68-gr8

#### EOMA68 Standard:
http://elinux.org/Embedded_Open_Modular_Architecture/EOMA68

# Compliance
C.H.I.P. Pro is tested for compliance with, and registered as indicated below with the following regulatory bodies, but my mods might void some or all of these:
REACH,
ROHS,
CE,
FCC (ID: 2AF9F-1337R, 47 CFR 15 Modular Transmitter when used with pre-certified antennas as listed in Datasheet),
IC (ID: 20863-1337R, HVIN CHIP-PRO)


# License
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/us/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License</a>.
<br> 2ftg is also ok with this license. 
# Contact NTC
**Purchasing:** sales@nextthing.co 
**Technical:** pro@nextthing.co <br>
Join the conversation at https://bbs.nextthing.co/c/CHIP-Pro
<br> #arm-netbook@freenode
